#Mandarin AI Studio
##Overview This project envisages creating an AI creative suite named Mandarin AI Studio which will leverage the video, image, 3D and audio models available through various API endpoints to enable generation and editing of video, image, 3D and audio content. The project will be developed modularly with the following backend modules:
###Image Generation and Editing Module: It should be able to parse image and image editing models on openrouter API endpoint as well as ollama endpont locally. Should be able to to retrieve and edit images using text prompts as well as image inputs. Should be able to perform upscaling, inpainting and other image editing operations according to the model capabilities. 
###Video Generation and Editing Module: It should be able to parse video and video editing models on openrouter API endpoint as well as ollama endpont locally. Should be able to to generate and edit videos using text prompts as well as image and video inputs. Should be able to perform all video editing operations according to the model capabilities. Should build up on the existing codebase while also incorporating image, 3D and audio capabilities. 
`###3D Generation and Editing Module: It should be able to parse 3D and 3D editing models on openrouter API endpoint as well as ollama endpont locally. Should be able to to generate and edit 3D images/meshes using text prompts as well as image inputs. Should be able to perform perform all 3D editing operations according to the model capabilities. `
###Audio Generation and Editing Module: It should be able to parse audio models with STT, TTS and voice cloning capabilities on openrouter API endpoint as well as ollama endpont locally. Should be able to to generate and edit TTS, audio transcription and voice cloning using text prompts as well as audio inputs. Should be able to perform perform all audio operations according to the model capabilities. 
###Frontend-UI: It should be a simple landing page (styled after Google AI Studio) with the title "Mandarin AI Studio" with a chat widget connecting to all backend operations. Switching between image, video, 3D and audio backends should be provided through simple icons below the chat widget. Chat widget should also have the option to upload images, files, urls and audio using a simple + icon on the left side and the ability to take voice inputs for audio inputs using a mic icon on the right side. User should be able to paste/drop images in the text-area which should be considered the same as attaching the image. All other icons should be arranged on the space under the text input text-area. A side menu (modify the existing one should provide links to ongoing jobs, gallery, models and settings as it exists at present). The model cost and other related features should appear in the UI as they are at present. All the generated and retrieved/edited content should appear first on an inline canvas with the option to download and save. Videos, images, 3D and audio content should be saved to the gallery, if the user chooses to save/download.
The design should be modular so that it can be routed to other API endpoints in future.